player 0 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 2 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 3 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 4 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 5 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 6 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 7 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 8 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 9 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 10 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 11 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 12 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 13 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 14 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 15 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 16 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 17 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 18 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 19 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 20 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 21 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 22 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 23 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 24 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 25 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 26 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 27 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 28 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 29 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 30 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 31 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 32 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 33 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 34 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 35 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 36 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 37 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 38 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 39 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 40 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 41 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 42 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 43 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 44 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 45 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 46 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 47 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 48 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 49 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 50 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 51 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 52 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 53 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 54 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 55 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 56 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 57 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 58 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 59 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 60 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 61 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 62 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 63 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 64 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 65 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 66 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 67 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 68 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 69 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 70 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 71 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 72 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 73 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 74 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 75 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 76 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 77 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 78 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 79 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 80 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 81 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 82 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 83 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 84 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 85 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 86 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 87 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 88 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 89 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 90 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 91 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 92 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 93 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 94 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 95 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 96 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 97 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 98 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 99 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 100 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 101 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 102 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 103 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 104 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 105 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 106 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 107 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 108 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 109 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 110 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 111 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 112 ran 6 times and missed 4 times
player 113 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 114 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 115 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 116 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 117 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 118 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 119 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 120 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 121 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 122 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 123 ran 5 times and missed 5 times
player 124 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 125 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 126 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 127 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 128 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 129 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 130 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 131 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 132 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 133 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 134 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 135 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 136 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 137 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 138 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 139 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 140 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 141 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 142 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 143 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 144 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 145 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 146 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 147 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 148 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 149 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 150 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 151 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 152 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 153 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 154 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 155 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 156 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 157 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 158 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 159 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 160 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 161 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 162 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 163 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 164 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 165 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 166 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 167 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 168 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 169 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 170 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 171 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 172 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 173 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 174 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 175 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 176 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 177 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 178 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 179 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 180 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 181 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 182 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 183 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 184 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 185 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 186 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 187 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 188 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 189 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 190 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 191 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 192 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 193 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 194 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 195 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 196 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 197 ran 5 times and missed 5 times
player 198 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 199 ran 5 times and missed 5 times
player 200 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 201 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 202 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 203 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 204 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 205 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 206 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 207 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 208 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 209 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 210 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 211 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 212 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 213 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 214 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 215 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 216 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 217 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 218 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 219 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 220 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 221 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 222 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 223 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 224 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 225 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 226 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 227 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 228 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 229 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 230 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 231 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 232 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 233 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 234 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 235 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 236 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 237 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 238 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 239 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 240 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 241 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 242 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 243 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 244 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 245 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 246 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 247 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 248 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 249 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 250 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 251 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 252 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 253 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 254 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 255 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 256 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 257 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 258 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 259 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 260 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 261 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 262 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 263 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 264 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 265 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 266 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 267 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 268 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 269 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 270 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 271 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 272 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 273 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 274 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 275 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 276 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 277 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 278 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 279 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 280 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 281 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 282 ran 6 times and missed 4 times
player 283 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 284 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 285 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 286 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 287 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 288 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 289 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 290 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 291 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 292 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 293 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 294 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 295 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 296 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 297 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 298 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 299 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 300 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 301 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 302 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 303 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 304 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 305 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 306 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 307 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 308 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 309 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 310 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 311 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 312 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 313 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 314 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 315 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 316 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 317 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 318 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 319 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 320 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 321 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 322 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 323 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 324 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 325 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 326 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 327 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 328 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 329 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 330 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 331 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 332 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 333 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 334 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 335 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 336 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 337 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 338 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 339 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 340 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 341 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 342 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 343 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 344 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 345 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 346 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 347 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 348 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 349 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 350 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 351 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 352 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 353 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 354 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 355 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 356 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 357 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 358 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 359 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 360 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 361 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 362 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 363 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 364 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 365 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 366 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 367 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 368 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 369 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 370 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 371 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 372 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 373 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 374 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 375 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 376 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 377 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 378 ran 6 times and missed 4 times
player 379 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 380 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 381 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 382 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 383 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 384 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 385 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 386 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 387 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 388 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 389 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 390 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 391 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 392 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 393 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 394 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 395 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 396 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 397 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 398 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 399 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 400 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 401 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 402 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 403 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 404 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 405 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 406 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 407 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 408 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 409 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 410 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 411 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 412 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 413 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 414 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 415 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 416 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 417 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 418 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 419 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 420 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 421 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 422 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 423 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 424 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 425 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 426 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 427 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 428 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 429 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 430 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 431 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 432 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 433 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 434 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 435 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 436 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 437 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 438 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 439 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 440 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 441 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 442 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 443 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 444 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 445 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 446 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 447 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 448 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 449 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 450 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 451 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 452 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 453 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 454 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 455 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 456 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 457 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 458 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 459 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 460 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 461 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 462 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 463 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 464 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 465 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 466 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 467 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 468 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 469 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 470 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 471 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 472 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 473 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 474 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 475 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 476 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 477 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 478 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 479 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 480 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 481 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 482 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 483 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 484 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 485 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 486 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 487 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 488 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 489 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 490 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 491 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 492 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 493 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 494 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 495 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 496 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 497 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 498 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 499 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 500 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 501 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 502 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 503 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 504 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 505 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 506 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 507 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 508 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 509 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 510 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 511 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 512 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 513 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 514 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 515 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 516 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 517 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 518 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 519 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 520 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 521 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 522 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 523 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 524 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 525 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 526 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 527 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 528 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 529 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 530 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 531 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 532 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 533 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 534 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 535 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 536 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 537 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 538 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 539 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 540 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 541 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 542 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 543 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 544 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 545 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 546 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 547 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 548 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 549 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 550 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 551 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 552 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 553 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 554 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 555 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 556 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 557 ran 6 times and missed 4 times
player 558 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 559 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 560 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 561 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 562 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 563 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 564 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 565 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 566 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 567 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 568 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 569 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 570 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 571 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 572 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 573 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 574 ran 6 times and missed 4 times
player 575 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 576 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 577 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 578 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 579 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 580 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 581 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 582 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 583 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 584 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 585 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 586 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 587 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 588 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 589 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 590 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 591 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 592 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 593 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 594 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 595 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 596 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 597 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 598 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 599 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 600 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 601 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 602 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 603 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 604 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 605 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 606 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 607 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 608 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 609 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 610 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 611 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 612 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 613 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 614 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 615 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 616 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 617 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 618 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 619 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 620 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 621 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 622 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 623 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 624 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 625 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 626 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 627 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 628 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 629 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 630 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 631 ran 6 times and missed 4 times
player 632 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 633 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 634 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 635 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 636 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 637 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 638 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 639 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 640 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 641 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 642 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 643 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 644 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 645 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 646 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 647 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 648 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 649 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 650 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 651 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 652 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 653 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 654 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 655 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 656 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 657 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 658 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 659 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 660 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 661 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 662 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 663 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 664 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 665 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 666 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 667 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 668 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 669 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 670 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 671 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 672 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 673 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 674 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 675 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 676 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 677 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 678 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 679 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 680 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 681 ran 6 times and missed 4 times
player 682 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 683 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 684 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 685 ran 6 times and missed 4 times
player 686 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 687 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 688 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 689 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 690 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 691 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 692 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 693 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 694 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 695 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 696 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 697 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 698 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 699 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 700 ran 6 times and missed 4 times
player 701 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 702 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 703 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 704 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 705 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 706 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 707 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 708 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 709 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 710 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 711 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 712 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 713 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 714 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 715 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 716 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 717 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 718 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 719 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 720 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 721 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 722 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 723 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 724 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 725 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 726 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 727 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 728 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 729 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 730 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 731 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 732 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 733 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 734 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 735 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 736 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 737 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 738 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 739 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 740 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 741 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 742 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 743 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 744 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 745 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 746 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 747 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 748 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 749 ran 6 times and missed 4 times
player 750 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 751 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 752 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 753 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 754 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 755 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 756 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 757 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 758 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 759 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 760 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 761 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 762 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 763 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 764 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 765 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 766 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 767 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 768 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 769 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 770 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 771 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 772 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 773 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 774 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 775 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 776 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 777 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 778 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 779 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 780 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 781 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 782 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 783 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 784 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 785 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 786 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 787 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 788 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 789 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 790 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 791 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 792 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 793 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 794 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 795 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 796 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 797 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 798 ran 5 times and missed 5 times
player 799 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 800 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 801 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 802 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 803 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 804 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 805 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 806 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 807 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 808 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 809 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 810 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 811 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 812 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 813 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 814 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 815 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 816 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 817 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 818 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 819 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 820 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 821 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 822 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 823 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 824 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 825 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 826 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 827 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 828 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 829 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 830 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 831 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 832 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 833 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 834 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 835 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 836 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 837 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 838 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 839 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 840 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 841 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 842 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 843 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 844 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 845 ran 6 times and missed 4 times
player 846 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 847 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 848 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 849 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 850 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 851 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 852 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 853 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 854 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 855 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 856 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 857 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 858 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 859 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 860 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 861 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 862 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 863 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 864 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 865 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 866 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 867 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 868 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 869 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 870 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 871 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 872 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 873 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 874 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 875 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 876 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 877 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 878 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 879 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 880 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 881 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 882 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 883 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 884 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 885 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 886 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 887 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 888 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 889 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 890 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 891 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 892 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 893 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 894 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 895 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 896 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 897 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 898 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 899 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 900 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 901 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 902 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 903 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 904 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 905 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 906 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 907 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 908 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 909 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 910 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 911 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 912 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 913 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 914 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 915 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 916 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 917 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 918 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 919 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 920 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 921 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 922 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 923 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 924 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 925 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 926 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 927 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 928 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 929 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 930 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 931 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 932 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 933 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 934 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 935 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 936 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 937 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 938 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 939 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 940 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 941 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 942 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 943 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 944 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 945 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 946 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 947 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 948 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 949 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 950 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 951 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 952 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 953 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 954 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 955 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 956 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 957 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 958 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 959 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 960 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 961 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 962 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 963 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 964 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 965 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 966 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 967 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 968 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 969 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 970 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 971 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 972 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 973 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 974 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 975 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 976 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 977 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 978 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 979 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 980 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 981 ran 6 times and missed 4 times
player 982 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 983 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 984 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 985 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 986 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 987 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 988 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 989 ran 4 times and missed 6 times
player 990 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 991 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 992 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 993 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 994 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 995 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 996 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 997 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 998 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 999 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1000 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1001 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1002 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1003 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1004 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1005 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1006 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1007 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 1008 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 1009 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 1010 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1011 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1012 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1013 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 1014 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1015 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1016 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1017 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1018 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 1019 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1020 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 1021 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1022 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1023 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 1024 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 1025 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1026 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1027 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1028 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1029 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1030 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1031 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1032 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1033 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 1034 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1035 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 1036 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1037 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 1038 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1039 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 1040 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1041 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1042 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1043 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 1044 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1045 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1046 ran 6 times and missed 4 times
player 1047 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1048 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 1049 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1050 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1051 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1052 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 1053 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1054 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1055 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1056 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1057 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 1058 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1059 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 1060 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1061 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 1062 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1063 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 1064 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 1065 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 1066 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1067 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1068 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 1069 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 1070 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1071 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1072 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 1073 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 1074 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 1075 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1076 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1077 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1078 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1079 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1080 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1081 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1082 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1083 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 1084 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1085 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 1086 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1087 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1088 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1089 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 1090 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 1091 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 1092 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1093 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 1094 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 1095 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 1096 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1097 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1098 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 1099 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 1100 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 1101 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1102 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 1103 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 1104 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 1105 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 1106 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1107 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1108 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1109 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1110 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1111 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1112 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1113 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1114 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1115 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1116 ran 6 times and missed 4 times
player 1117 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1118 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1119 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 1120 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 1121 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1122 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1123 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1124 ran 6 times and missed 4 times
player 1125 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1126 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1127 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 1128 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 1129 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 1130 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1131 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1132 ran 6 times and missed 4 times
player 1133 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1134 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1135 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 1136 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 1137 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 1138 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 1139 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 1140 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 1141 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1142 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1143 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1144 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1145 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1146 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 1147 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1148 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1149 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 1150 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1151 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1152 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1153 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 1154 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1155 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1156 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1157 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1158 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 1159 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1160 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1161 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 1162 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 1163 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 1164 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1165 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 1166 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 1167 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1168 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1169 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1170 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1171 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1172 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1173 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1174 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1175 ran 6 times and missed 4 times
player 1176 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1177 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1178 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1179 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1180 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1181 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1182 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 1183 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1184 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1185 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1186 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1187 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 1188 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 1189 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1190 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1191 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1192 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1193 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1194 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 1195 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1196 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1197 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1198 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1199 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1200 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1201 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1202 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1203 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 1204 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1205 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 1206 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 1207 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1208 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1209 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1210 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1211 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1212 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1213 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1214 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1215 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 1216 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1217 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1218 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1219 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1220 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1221 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1222 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1223 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1224 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1225 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1226 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1227 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1228 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1229 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 1230 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1231 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1232 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1233 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1234 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1235 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1236 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1237 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1238 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1239 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1240 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1241 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 1242 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1243 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1244 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1245 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1246 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1247 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1248 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1249 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1250 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1251 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1252 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1253 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 1254 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1255 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1256 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1257 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 1258 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1259 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 1260 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 1261 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1262 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 1263 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 1264 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 1265 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1266 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 1267 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 1268 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1269 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 1270 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1271 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1272 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1273 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1274 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1275 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1276 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1277 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1278 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1279 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 1280 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1281 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1282 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1283 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 1284 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 1285 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1286 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1287 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1288 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1289 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1290 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1291 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1292 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1293 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1294 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1295 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 1296 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 1297 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 1298 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1299 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1300 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1301 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1302 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1303 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 1304 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1305 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1306 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1307 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 1308 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 1309 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 1310 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1311 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1312 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 1313 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1314 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1315 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1316 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1317 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1318 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1319 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1320 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1321 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1322 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1323 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1324 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1325 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1326 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1327 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1328 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1329 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1330 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 1331 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 1332 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1333 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1334 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1335 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1336 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 1337 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 1338 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 1339 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1340 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1341 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1342 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 1343 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 1344 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 1345 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 1346 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 1347 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1348 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 1349 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1350 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1351 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1352 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1353 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1354 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1355 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1356 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1357 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1358 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 1359 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1360 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1361 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1362 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1363 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 1364 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 1365 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 1366 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1367 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 1368 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1369 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 1370 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 1371 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 1372 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1373 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1374 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1375 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1376 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1377 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1378 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1379 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1380 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1381 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1382 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1383 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1384 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1385 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1386 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1387 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1388 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1389 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1390 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1391 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1392 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1393 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 1394 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 1395 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 1396 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 1397 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1398 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1399 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 1400 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1401 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1402 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1403 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1404 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1405 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1406 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 1407 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1408 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1409 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1410 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1411 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1412 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1413 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1414 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 1415 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1416 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1417 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1418 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1419 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1420 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 1421 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 1422 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 1423 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 1424 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 1425 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1426 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1427 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 1428 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1429 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1430 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1431 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1432 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1433 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 1434 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1435 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1436 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1437 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1438 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1439 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1440 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1441 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1442 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1443 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1444 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1445 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1446 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1447 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 1448 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 1449 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1450 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 1451 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1452 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 1453 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 1454 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1455 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1456 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1457 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 1458 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1459 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1460 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 1461 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1462 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 1463 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 1464 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1465 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1466 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1467 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1468 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1469 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1470 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 1471 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 1472 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1473 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1474 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 1475 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1476 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1477 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1478 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1479 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1480 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1481 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1482 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 1483 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1484 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 1485 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 1486 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 1487 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1488 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1489 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 1490 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1491 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1492 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1493 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1494 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1495 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1496 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1497 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1498 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 1499 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1500 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 1501 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1502 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 1503 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 1504 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1505 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1506 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 1507 ran 7 times and missed 3 times
player 1508 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1509 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1510 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1511 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1512 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1513 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1514 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 1515 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1516 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1517 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1518 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1519 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 1520 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1521 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1522 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1523 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
player 1524 ran 8 times and missed 2 times
player 1525 ran 10 times and missed 0 times
player 1526 ran 9 times and missed 1 times
